Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way to
predict the future is to invent it.
-- Alan Kay

Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it)
in programming.
-- Donald Knuth

Lisp has jokingly been called "the most intelligent way to misuse a
computer". I think that description is a great compliment because it
transmits the full flavor of liberation: it has assisted a number of our
most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts.
-- Edsger Dijkstra, CACM, 15:10

Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people
always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can
become great.
-- Mark Twain

What Paul does, and does very well, is to take ideas and concepts that
are beautiful in the abstract, and brings them down to a real world
level. That's a rare talent to find in writing these days.
-- Jeff "hemos" Bates, Director, OSDN; Co-evolver, Slashdot

Since programmers create programs out of nothing, imagination is our
only limitation. Thus, in the world of programming, the hero is the one
who has great vision. Paul Graham is one of our contemporary heroes. He
has the ability to embrace the vision, and to express it plainly. His
works are my favorites, especially the ones describing language design.
He explains secrets of programming, languages, and human nature that can
only be learned from the hacker experience. This book shows you his
great vision, and tells you the truth about the nature of hacking.
-- Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto, creator of Ruby

To follow the path:
    look to the master,
    follow the master,
    walk with the master,
    see through the master,
    become the master.
-- Modern zen Poem

No problem should ever have to be solved twice.
-- Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker

Attitude is no substitute for competence.
-- Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker

It is said that the real winner is the one who lives in today but able
to see tomorrow.